KISHORE'S NOTES 2.0.0 — LINUX BACKTEST REPORT

This Linux release was rebuilt from scratch rather than extending the earlier Electron build chain.

ARCHITECTURE
- 64-bit Linux (amd64/x86_64)
- application core: statically linked Go executable
- UI: local-only app interface opened in installed Chromium/Chrome/Firefox
- local server binds only to 127.0.0.1 and uses a per-launch access token
- notes remain compatible with Documents/Kishore's Notes/notes.json

BACKTESTS PASSED
1. Go source compilation with CGO disabled (static binary).
2. Go unit tests.
3. 27 starter notes loaded correctly.
4. New note saved to notes.json and individual <id>.json file.
5. Standard JPEG upload saved successfully.
6. REAL HEIC/HEIF fixture converted with Linux libheif/heif-convert to JPEG.
7. Converted output verified as a valid JPEG image.
8. Website export created index.html, notes.json, individual note files and images.
9. Final .deb extracted and its packaged executable self-tested successfully.
10. Final .deb executable repeated real HEIC upload and website publishing successfully.
11. Portable tar.gz executable self-tested successfully.
12. Renderer JavaScript syntax checked with Node.
13. UI structure checked for Search, New, Edit, Add Image, proper in-app caption dialog, Brain Map and Publish Website.
14. Verified prompt() does not exist in the application UI source.
15. Verified HEIC and HEIF are accepted by the image picker.
16. Verified desktop CSS retains 58px vertical spines and mobile top-down layout.
17. Verified horizontal page overflow is disabled.
18. Verified backlinks and cloze rendering code is present.

BUILT-IN SELF-TEST
After installation, run:
    kishores-notes --self-test
Expected result:
    SELF-TEST PASS: notes, JPG, real HEIC->JPEG, website export

NOTE ABOUT THE .DEB
The Debian package declares libheif-examples and xdg-utils as dependencies.
Install with apt rather than dpkg so dependencies are installed automatically:
    sudo apt install ./Kishores-Notes-2.0.0-linux-amd64.deb

For most Ubuntu/Debian/Linux Mint systems, the .deb is the recommended file.
